These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and us. If you do not agree to these Terms, please, exit the Site and stop use of our Services. You must read these Terms and the Policy to ensure that you are in agreement. As used herein, the terms ‘user’, ‘you’, ‘your’, and/or ‘yourself’ refer to you, a user/visitor/browser of our Site, whether registered under an account or not. To prevent any breach of the Terms hereof and to enforce any available remedy, we reserve the right to undertake any technical, legal or administrative measures that we deem necessary, at any time, without prior notice and in our sole discretion. Acceptance If you continue to browse and use this Site, you hereby acknowledge and agree to be bound by and under these Terms which, together with our Policy, will rule Volt-Kenya’s relationship with you in relation to the Site and any services offered thereby (the “Service(s)”). You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if: (i) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Escrow Kenya; or (ii) you are not permitted to receive any Services under the laws of the country/region in which you are resident or from which you use the Services. From time to time, you may be required to enter into a separate agreement with Escrow Kenya or our affiliates for any Service (herein referred to as an “Additional Agreement”). If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Terms and any Additional Agreement, the Additional Agreement shall take precedence over the Terms only in relation to that Service concerned. Services Volt Kenya is a company that operates a platform with functionalities that include, but are not limited to, providing volt services to individuals who buy and sell products and services informally. Either the Buyer or the Seller can initiate an volt transaction by inviting the other party to Escrow Kenya. The order invitation is created through an order form which captures the basic details of the order such as due price, terms and conditions of the purchase/sale and then sent via email. Buyers and Sellers may initially contact each other via online means such as third party social media pages. With Volt Kenya, Sellers and Buyer can view their profiles, past reviews, membership information, undertake direct trades, leave feedback & more; which adds advantages for the healthy business of our users. It is a complete e-commerce offering that streamlines escrow transactions. At Volt Kenya, the latest technology, industry expertise and customer service are focused on the Buyer and Seller, allowing you to make the deal online safely, securely and efficiently. Volt Kenya additionally provides certain electronic web-based transaction platforms for registered members to place, accept, conclude, manage and fulfill Volt payments online within the Site. All of the aforementioned functionalities will be subject to the respective terms and conditions of the Additional Agreements made known to users by Volt Kenya from time to time. Account In order to use some or all of the functionalities and Services provided via the Site, you will need to register for an account. At the time you register to become a registered user of the Site (either as Buyer or Seller), you will be asked to complete a registration form which requires you to provide information such as your name, address, phone number, email address and other personal information. You represent and warrant that all activities that occur under your account (including without limitation, posting any company or product information, clicking to accept any guidelines, rules, terms and conditions, subscribing to or making any payment for any services, or sending emails using the Volt Kenya messaging system) will be deemed to have been authorized by you as a user, and henceforth you also represent and warrant to have the full authority to undertake the posting and any associated disclosures. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account and for keeping your password secure and confidential. We reserve the right, at our sole and final discretion, to deactivate, freeze, suspend or terminate your account upon any factual or alleged breach of these Terms. You must notify Volt Kenya immediately of any change in your eligibility to use the Site, if you suspect a breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. You represent, warrant and covenant that: (i) you have full power and authority to accept these Terms, to grant any license and authorization and to perform any of your obligations hereunder and (ii) you will undertake the use the Site and Services for business or personal purposes only. Fees & Payments Registering into the Site has no cost. If you use a Service on this Site that requires payment of any fee, you hereby agree to pay any and all fees associated with such Service, as indicated by us from time to time. We may provide certain free trials that allow you to use our Services free and with no obligation, other than following these Terms. You agree to provide us with updated, accurate and complete billing information, including valid credit card information, name, address and contact info. You are responsible for shipping/delivery charges for any products or services that you purchase or sell to other users. We use third-party payment processors such as Mpesa in order to bill you for any purchases made through the Site via an external, third-party payment system. The processing of payments will be subject to the fees, terms, conditions and privacy policies of such payment processors. Volt Kenya is not responsible for any and all errors by you or the payment processors. Any currency conversion fees and expenses are the responsibility of our third-party payment processors, not us. Additionally, users outside Kenya will bear the SWIFT fee when depositing and withdrawing funds from Volt Kenya. The standard Volt fee for transactions involving general merchandise and services is 3% of the purchase value indicated by the parties, with a minimum fee of KES 200 where the transaction currency is set to Kenya Shillings or $2.50 USD where the transaction currency is set to US Dollars. The standard Volt fee for transactions involving motor vehicles is 1.5% of the purchase value, with a minimum fee of KES 1,500 where the transaction currency is set to Kenya Shillings or $15.5 USD where the transaction currency is set to US Dollars. The maximum Volt fee is KES 15,000 where the transaction currency is set to Kenya Shillings or $155 USD where the transaction currency is set to US Dollars. Should the seller in a transaction voluntarily cancel an order, a discounted Volt fee will be charged to the buyer and will be calculated as 0.5% of the price, with a minimum fee of KES 200 where the transaction currency is set to Kenya Shillings or $2.50 USD where the transaction currency is set to US Dollars. However, should a full refund need to be issued where a dispute is closed in the buyer's favor, the buyer will incur the full Volt fees, irrespective of who initially bore the Volt fees. There will be a withdrawal processing fee of KES 25 where the transaction currency is set to Kenya Shillings or $0.50 USD where the transaction currency is set to US Dollars, per withdrawal from your escrow account, irrespective of the withdrawal amount.